EZP-32120: Security checklist v2 (#1217)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/security_checklist.md

- Is the Role of self-created new users restricted as intended?
- Is there a clear Role separation between the organisation's internal and external users?
- Is access to user data properly restricted, in accordance with GDPR?

## Underlying stack

- Avoid exposing servers on the open internet when not strictly required.
- Ensure any servers, services, ports and virtual hosts that were opened for testing purposes are locked down before going live.
- Secure the database with a good password, keys, firewall, etc.
- Run the server on a recent operating system and dependencies with security patches installed.
- Configure the server to alert you about security updates from vendors.
Pay special attention to dependencies used by your project directly, or by PHP.

## eZ Publish Legacy

If you are using Legacy Bridge, there are a few more things to check:

- Is there a measure in place against brute force login attacks? `MaxNumberOfFailedLogin > 0` will do.
- Do `MinPasswordLength` and `GeneratePasswordLength` (if used) have sane values? The default values are low.

> A secure minimum is 16. Do not use  value below 10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
16 characters is a secure minimum. Do not go below 10.
```
